feat: open topics in new tab; deprecate unused config props; add unload (#75)
blackbaud/help-client: CHANGELOG.md

# 3.0.1-rc.0

> - Replaced communication with bb-help SPA with functionality to open topics in a new tab. [#75](https://github.com/blackbaud/help-client/pull/75)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced communication with the bb-help SPA to open topics in a new tab. [#75](https://github.com/blackbaud/help-client/pull/75)
```

- Added unload functionality. [#75](https://github.com/blackbaud/help-client/pull/75)

> - Deprecate config properties not related to topic URLs or styling. [#75](https://github.com/blackbaud/help-client/pull/75)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated config properties that are not related to topic URLs or styling. [#75](https://github.com/blackbaud/help-client/pull/75)
```
